The inner layer is a paraboloid. Other layers are defined as
constant distance surfaces in the direction of the gradient of the
inner layer. Those layers are not themselves exactly paraboloids.
(go ahead, try to make a paraboloid equation for them).
We refer to the parabola (z), circumferential (angle), and depth
dimensions. The depth dimension is indexed as ilayer, the parabola
dimension is indexed as icircle, and the circumferential dimension
is indexed as ipt.

We began with an orthogonal system (ilayer, icircle, ipt). However, that
has the property that the distance between circles in outer layers are
longer than the distance between circles in the inner layer. We took into
account that circles of different diameter have different numbers of cells
laid end to end (and a slight difference in length since an integer
number of cells comprise the circle with all cells as close to 100um in
length as possible). And we have a function that calculates the overlap
between a cell on a circle and the cells on another circle.
We have been relying on the fact that corresponding circles in adjacent
layers have the same icircle. This is problematic since if the
inner layer has a distance between circles of dc, then the outer layer
(thickness of heart is 0.5cm) near the tip has a distance of about 3dc.
Thus it might be useful for different layers to have different numbers of
circles. This complicates the overlap since not only lengths overlap
but in the depth dimension the sides of cells overlap as well. And too
bad about the loss of icircle correspondence. Note that ipt correspondence
between circles was easy to calculate because of ipt angle correspondence.

Alternatively, we can keep the orthogonal property for icircle of different
layers and think in terms of regions instead of cells. This fits with
a coarse discretization in which layer distances are hundreds of microns
and adjacent circle distances in a layer are hundreds of microns. In this case,
the region is just longer on the outside than the inside and longer
on the base side than the tip side. That has the advantage of regions
shareing faces (with overlap only in the ipt dimension)
so that flux is easy to conserve. The conflation of cell and region
in the different dimensions is causing confusion. We would use
cells exclusively if there were not so many of them. Presently the ipt
dimension is cell based and not region based, but the layer and circle
dimensions are region based.

Of course, if we think of cells as bricks (all about the same size) and
regions as bricks as well (all about the same size) then there is a
uniform conceptualization that is scalable (discretization) in each
dimension. i.e cell 100x30x30 generates 231,027,900 cells
and region 200x200x200 generates 2,620,194 regions. For convenience
of calculating circle adjacency in adjacent layers, just need a function
instead of icircle index.  For effective gap area between two cells or
regions. Just calculate the length of the overlap of their faces using
the circle between the two cell or region points.  Presently, a cell
or region point is the middle of the proximal end face. Note that adjacent
cells in the same circle share the proximal face of one with the distal
face of the other. In the icircle dimension in the same layer, adjacent
cells overlap in the ipt dimension but not in the layer dimension.
In the ilayer dimension the overlap is multiple circles in the adjacent
layer as well as multiple ipt in the adjacent layer.

From one geomtrical space filling point of view the long edges of a
cell/region brick are circle curves with centers on the z-axis.
Will anyone be upset if we approximate the parabolic dimension
as piecewise linear with derivative continuity breaks at the corners.
The downside is that when cells in different layers overlappingly butte
up against each other, their connecting faces are not exactly parallel.
Suppose the morphology point (1) of each brick is defined as the interior,
least z coordinate corner. The other three corners of the end face are defined
as the normal vector (2) to the next layer and the normal vector (3)
to the next circle. Corner (4) is the normal vector from (3) to the next layer.
Note that a corner (2) of a layer 1 cell does not directly
match up with a corner (1) of a layer 2 cell. And as one goes around a circle,
corner (1) does not directly match up with any adjacent circle corner (1).
It is not much simplicity benefit on the circles to approximate them
as piecewise linear (since the exact math is simple) so we switch to
exact calculation of area using the four circle segments that define
the cell --- and treat a pair of circle segments as forming a portion
of a frustrum. With regard to overlapping parabola edges in adjacent layers,
it is a bit fastidious, but at least space filling, though not perfect,
to treat the the parabola edge as piecewise linear where each breakpoint
is exactly on the layer (normal to the inner paraboloid). Note that all
end face areas are identical for the same circle.

Given 4 circle arcs that define cell0, the question of connecivity
hinges on what other cells have circle arcs that at least partially
lie on the faces of cell0. And what fractions of the cell0 faces
are overlapped by those cells. Generally, except on the inner and
outer surfaces and the tip and base, the sum of those fractions is
the entire surface of cell0.
